We've seen a few cases where
ad impression data is available in the GA reporting interface,
and you probably are wondering how that information got there.
You can see Google AdWords,
GDN or Google Display Network impression data in
your Multi-Channel Funnels and attribution reporting in GA.
So, there are a couple of steps you need to
take to make sure that data comes through for you.
I just want to show you those settings briefly so that you can take advantage of having
that impression data in the reports that we've been looking at throughout this lesson.
When you set up your AdWords link in Google Analytics,
there will be an option at the bottom of the link that says
additional data and it'll say enable Google Display Network Impression reporting,
that checkbox must be selected.
If you do not see this option in your account,
you may need to reach out to
your Google Ads rep and have them enable this feature for you.
When you see that checkbox, you can enable it,
and it will bring in impression data for
your Google AdWords account for the display network.
If you have a Google Tag Manager implementation,
you do not need to actually update
your Google Analytics tracking code and GTM will do this automatically.
Under the advanced settings in the advertising drop-down in a Google Tag Manager,
you just want to go ahead and click the checkbox for enable
display advertising features as part of your Google Analytics Tag.
Google Tag Manager will handle that for you if
you have the checkbox enabled that we just looked at,
and below is a reference to the Google support documentation for enabling this tracking.
Two last simple requirements to know for the ad impression data,
you must link your AdWords account at the account level
rather than the MCC level in order for this functionality to be available.
Also, please be sure to update your website privacy policy per
their requirements in the support documentation
to reflect the Google Display Impression Tracking